16d/05m/26y 14:45 Stressed out of my mind, feeling like I need to throw up. I need to get 5 pages done today, however, or I'm not going to have enough for the next meeting. Fear I don't have enough content from throughout the year for the full 70 pages recommended. I need structure in my life, which I currently do not have and currently cannot work on. Can't get my head to split the giant 70 pages task into smaller ones. ===> Attempt now is not to write good pages, but to write many pages. Just write, fill in, correct, cite, etc later. Adding in a TODO command written by ChatGPT.
17d/05m/26y 12:28 Same feelings of stress, could barely get anything done yesterday.
18d/05m/26y 00:10 I felt physically ill purely from stress, but I've at least been able to write more than a page today. I feel sad to say I'm happy with this, but at least part of the stress is gone now. Why is this so difficult for me? I really need to seek professional help, this isn't normal. I'm disappointed, but if I just fill myself with self-hatred, I'm just going to destroy myself, so I must say, for my own sanity, that I did well today. If I can do this today with what I've felt, surely things will improve a lot tomorrow, with how I feel now. Hopefully I can get to 10 pages, at least. Hopefully my supervisors understand.
18d/05m/26y 14:33 I just found out I lost both of my (tightly knotted) "luck cords", which means according to folk lore I've just been protected twice from misfortune. I didn't expect this to happen so soon... Thanks Maarten for the protection, I suppose.
18d/05m/26y 21:46 A week ago, I intended to have written 20 pages by today. 3 days ago, I intended for it to be 15. Yesterday, I intended to have 10. I am now at 2. The stress is still killing me. I don't want to disappoint my supervisors any more than I already have. You know how, sometimes, when you try to access a site, it just loads for 5 minutes only to just, stop loading on a blank screen? That's what this feels like. My "webbrowser" does not want to do what I need it to do. Either way, I'm still very slowly making progress, which is better than nothing, I suppose. Decided to add the graph structures as diagrams now, since I seem to be willing to do that for now.
19d/05m/26y 10:16 I'm not even gonna make it if I were to hand this in in August. Oh god. I can't do this. I can't handle this pain for this long.
19d/05m/26y 11:53 I was able to write about 2 pages in an hour or so. That's insane. Maybe I can do this... I need to stay positive.
02d/08m/26y 18:42 There's a new deadline, obviously, for 10d/08m. I haven't been able to write much over the summer, but I have been able to write quite a lot over the past week and a half or so. I'm just scared I won't be able to finish everything in time (again). I found a way to optimize my algorithm and have only done so for one of the two RQs, I also noticed I haven't been using the C option on the non-hamil generation, I've yet to write anything about correctness tests (which I have to adapt anyway due to the optimization), and I do not know exactly how I have to write down the null results I found. Timings of the program itself I've only recently added, as I've only been keeping track of generation/filter time and total time, but again, still have to do this for RQ2. Currently doing a second run over my thesis, as I rewrote and expanded the introduction, and am now expanding on the definitions and literature study. I hope to have that done tonight, so I can focus on Methodology tomorrow and Results the day after, meaning I could technically be done by 04d/08m and have 6 days to spare for (1) more tests, but more importantly (2) fixing errors in my thesis. Currently, I'm not on track, as I've yet to finish with the definitions, and I had hoped to be nearly done with literature. I kind of want to bang my head against the wall. Brain, please work, for like, 7 more days.